Add Content - cities (#12)
GSA/datagov-11ty: posts/cities.md

---
categories:
- cities
link: https://www.data.gov/cities/
permalink: /cities/
redirect_from:
- /cities/community/cities/
slug: cities

title: Cities 
---

Open data is powering a new civic movement that is changing the way citizens experience our nation’s cities. Discover data and [apps](../../cities/city-apps) that are creating new ways to explore cities, services, and information.

> If you don’t find your city here, [let us know](../../contact-us.html) and we’ll send the message to your city official.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don’t find your city here, [let us know](http://www.data.gov/contact) and we’ll send the message to your city official.
```
